Investment Colors: Stroke, #e838bf; Fill,
Our focus is to create value for our clients through sound investments when buying or selling an affordable home!  Moreover, we forge trust and provide great service while at the same time helping communities generate goodwill and providing our clients with an excellent selling or buying experience.
We cater to the increasing number of seniors, military service members, and families looking to find affordable housing that offers a sound investment in today’s market. 
We look at the entire spectrum of options, from a sale by owner (fsbo) home, to Realtor and Dealer listed homes in your desired market area.
If you need finance assistance, we work with all the major lending institutions that can provide you with the best rates possible based on your qualifications and credit history.

Valuation	Colors: Stroke, #006ecd; Fill, #009ccd
When you are selling or buying a home, it is a good idea to understand the difference between a competitive marketing analysis (CMA) and a home appraisal. Both reports have their place in the selling and buying process and have significant differences.
Comparable Market Analysis (CMA) – Can be Dealer, Broker, or Salesperson generated for the seller or buyer. A CMA performed by Salespeople are typically done at no cost to sellers or buyers. Yes, buyers are also entitled to get a CMA for the market area they are considering. The CMA considers recently sold homes with similar characteristics (features) similar to the one being listed or purchased. The information is customarily obtained from a multiple listing service (MLS), third-party data providers, or private databases, affiliated with the market area being considered by the Seller or Buyer. When performing a CMA, the Active listing are considered since they are competing sales in the market area and tend to set the upper range in value. Pending sales even though they are not closed transactions, are commonly considered arms-length transactions that can offer an insight into the direction the market may be heading. Expired sales can further assist in providing indicators of possibly overpriced homes. The CMA may provide price point indicators showing low, median, average, mode, and high price points in the market.   

The Appraisal is Appraiser generated, mainly for Lenders to measure their risk in a transaction. The home appraisal process is conducted by a state licensed or certified appraiser, and is expected to provide an objective appraisal value, and ordered to typically determine the “As-Is” fair market value of a home. The appraisal is mainly used by the lender so they can measure their risk in the transaction, since they will be heavily vested in the property being financed. Just as important an appraisal completed by an objective appraiser is a service that is expected to protect and maintain the public trust, and help protect the buyer from possibly overpaying for a home. An appraisal does not only look at sales (Comps) but may also consider two other analyses, the cost approach to value, and the income approach to value. The approaches to value considered by the appraiser are reconciled to derive at their market value conclusion.

Realty
